README.md, before:

# Pixel Phones - Android 14 / 15 / 16 Setup Notes

Personal notes to setup brand new Pixel phones running Android 14 / 15 / 16

###  Long Press Home Screen > Wallpaper and style

---

* Colors > Choose colour
* Color contrast > High
* Layout > Small

###  Long Press Home Screen > Home Settings

---

* At a Glance - Off
* Swipe to access Google app - Off
* Overview suggestions - Off
* Suggestions
  * Suggestions in all app list - Off
  * Suggestions on Home screen - Off
* Search settings - Everything Off

### System Settings

---

* System
  * Life Translate - Off
  * Keyboard > Gboard > Text Correction
    * Auto-correction Off
    * Auto-capitalization Off

---

* Security and Privacy > Privacy
  * Controls > Camera Access, Microphone Access - Off
  * More security and privacy
    * Personalize using app data - Off
    * Android System Intelligence > Customize the experience using your Google Account data - Off

---

* Battery
  * Battery percentage - On

---

* Sound and vibration
  * Volume sliders - Max all
  * Vibrations and haptics - Off
  * Tap & click sounds - Off

---

* Display
  * Screen timeout > Set to 5 minutes
  * Lock Screen
    * Tap to check phone - Off
    * Lift to check phone - Off

---

* Network and Internet > Internet
  * Network Preferences
    * Notify for public networks - Off
    * Allow WEP - Off
  * Carrier Name > Allow 2G - Off

---

* Notifications
  * App notifications > Turn on only necessary apps
  * Notification History - On

---

* Messages App > Message Settings
  * Automatic previews - Off
  * Spam protection - On
  * RCS chats - Off
  * Advanced > Auto-download MMS - Off

---

* Google Play system update (Android 15 / 16)
  * Security and Privacy > System & updates > Google Play system update

### Google Chrome

---

* Settings
  * Password Manager > Ask to save - Off

Commit message:

Added notes to boot to recovery for pixel and samsung devices

README.md, after:

# Pixel Phones - Android 14 / 15 / 16 Setup Notes

Personal notes to setup brand new Pixel phones running Android 14 / 15 / 16

### Boot to device recovery

Hold Power button and Volume down to boot to Fastboot (During initial boot or restart)

In Fastboot, select Recovery mode. On "No command" screen, hold Power button and press Volume up once


###  Long Press Home Screen > Wallpaper and style

---

* Colors > Choose colour
* Color contrast > High
* Layout > Small

###  Long Press Home Screen > Home Settings

---

* At a Glance - Off
* Swipe to access Google app - Off
* Overview suggestions - Off
* Suggestions
  * Suggestions in all app list - Off
  * Suggestions on Home screen - Off
* Search settings - Everything Off

### System Settings

---

* System
  * Life Translate - Off
  * Keyboard > Gboard > Text Correction
    * Auto-correction Off
    * Auto-capitalization Off

---

* Security and Privacy > Privacy
  * Controls > Camera Access, Microphone Access - Off
  * More security and privacy
    * Personalize using app data - Off
    * Android System Intelligence > Customize the experience using your Google Account data - Off

---

* Battery
  * Battery percentage - On

---

* Sound and vibration
  * Volume sliders - Max all
  * Vibrations and haptics - Off
  * Tap & click sounds - Off

---

* Display
  * Screen timeout > Set to 5 minutes
  * Lock Screen
    * Tap to check phone - Off
    * Lift to check phone - Off

---

* Network and Internet > Internet
  * Network Preferences
    * Notify for public networks - Off
    * Allow WEP - Off
  * Carrier Name > Allow 2G - Off

---

* Notifications
  * App notifications > Turn on only necessary apps
  * Notification History - On

---

* Messages App > Message Settings
  * Automatic previews - Off
  * Spam protection - On
  * RCS chats - Off
  * Advanced > Auto-download MMS - Off

---

* Google Play system update (Android 15 / 16)
  * Security and Privacy > System & updates > Google Play system update

### Google Chrome

---

* Settings
  * Password Manager > Ask to save - Off
