Samsung.md, before:

# Samsung Galaxy Phones - One UI 7 Setup Notes

###  Initial Setup

---

* No SIM Setup
    * At Welcome screen from inital boot up, click corners in the order 2-3 times: Top Left, Top Right, Bottom Right, Bottom Left
    * Then hold Volumn Down physical button
    * It will show "NoSimLock is unlocked!"

###  Home screen

---

Long press at home screen, swipe left

* Media page - Off

###  Panel Settings

---

Swipe down from home screen, swipe down or right again, click Pencil icon

* Panel settings > Together

### System Settings

---

* Connections
    * Bluetooth - Off
    * Wi-Fi > Top right menu > Advanced settings
        * Wi-Fi network notifications - Off
        * Allow WEP networks - Off
    * More connection settings
        * Nearby device scanning - Off

---

* Sounds and vibration
    * System sound
        * Touch interactions - Off
        * Dialing keypad - Off
        * Samsung Keybaord - Off
        * Screen lock/unlock - Off
    * Volume
        * Media - Off
        * Notification - Off
        * System - Off
    * System vibration
        * Dialing keypad - Off
        * Samsung Keyboard - Off
        * Charging - Off
        * Navigation gestures - Off

---

* Display
    * Screen timeout > Set to 5 minutes
    * Edge panels - Off
    * Navigation bar > Swipe gestures

---

* Lock screen and AOD
    * Always On Display - Off
    * Lock Screen
        * Tap to check phone - Off
        * Lift to check phone - Off

---

* Home screen
    * Home screen grid > 5x6
    * Apps screen grid > 5x6
    * Folder grid > 4x4

---

* Advanced features
    * Side button > Long press > Power off menu
    * Motions and gestures
        * Lift to wake - Off
        * Double tap to turn on screen - Off
        * Double tap to turn off screen - Off

---

* Security and privacy
    * More security settings > Passwords, passkeys, and autofill
        * Preferred Service - None
        * Google - Off
    * Controls and alerts
        * Camera access - Off
        * Microphone access - Off
    * More privacy settings
        * Android personalization service - Off

Commit message:

Added notes to boot to recovery for pixel and samsung devices

Samsung.md, after:

# Samsung Galaxy Phones - One UI 7 Setup Notes

### Boot to device recovery

Hold Power button and Volume up to boot

###  Initial Setup

---

* No SIM Setup
    * At Welcome screen from inital boot up, click corners in the order 2-3 times: Top Left, Top Right, Bottom Right, Bottom Left
    * Then hold Volumn Down physical button
    * It will show "NoSimLock is unlocked!"

###  Home screen

---

Long press at home screen, swipe left

* Media page - Off

###  Panel Settings

---

Swipe down from home screen, swipe down or right again, click Pencil icon

* Panel settings > Together

### System Settings

---

* Connections
    * Bluetooth - Off
    * Wi-Fi > Top right menu > Advanced settings
        * Wi-Fi network notifications - Off
        * Allow WEP networks - Off
    * More connection settings
        * Nearby device scanning - Off

---

* Sounds and vibration
    * System sound
        * Touch interactions - Off
        * Dialing keypad - Off
        * Samsung Keybaord - Off
        * Screen lock/unlock - Off
    * Volume
        * Media - Off
        * Notification - Off
        * System - Off
    * System vibration
        * Dialing keypad - Off
        * Samsung Keyboard - Off
        * Charging - Off
        * Navigation gestures - Off

---

* Display
    * Screen timeout > Set to 5 minutes
    * Edge panels - Off
    * Navigation bar > Swipe gestures

---

* Lock screen and AOD
    * Always On Display - Off
    * Lock Screen
        * Tap to check phone - Off
        * Lift to check phone - Off

---

* Home screen
    * Home screen grid > 5x6
    * Apps screen grid > 5x6
    * Folder grid > 4x4

---

* Advanced features
    * Side button > Long press > Power off menu
    * Motions and gestures
        * Lift to wake - Off
        * Double tap to turn on screen - Off
        * Double tap to turn off screen - Off

---

* Security and privacy
    * More security settings > Passwords, passkeys, and autofill
        * Preferred Service - None
        * Google - Off
    * Controls and alerts
        * Camera access - Off
        * Microphone access - Off
    * More privacy settings
        * Android personalization service - Off
